People what exactly is when you wash
and today I want to give you a little one
information namely to the patch 1.5
10 over now think what my money
in order to
1.14 has just become and it was
does not have not many sda
brought 1.14 couple of cars and because
a few camus and a little something and
female horny patch to year
but we have more of it
expected and now was something
found namely in the 1.14 has one
sees this here in the background
just shown is a screenshot
and currently the 1.4 1.15 patch
that is independence day
that is Independence Day and the
takes place on the fourth of july
And he is stopped every year by the
united states so a usa
celebrated and maybe you remember
still in the beginning like it again
came out after Christmas
this time parties snowed that I know
not exactly the date but I know
that it snowed in any case and
definitely
who cool because independence day
if someone does not know what that is
Exactly I have the link below in the
video description packed and there presses
Just a quick look and there he sees
then the whole contribution from
independence day in german and there
I could read through it all the time
and there is definitely one
Giant fireworks of old america will be
then huge fireworks held firm
and have a few more to eat and have
I read a bit and
Agreements requested music parades and a
fireworks and that would be fatal if the
that would install because it has
already a few days as I said
snowed and it would be fatal if there is one
For example, fireworks could be around
or something like that and it
I would definitely know what else I have
wanted to say is the patch
would be the case if he was so
For example, America has a lot of weapons
and to do so, of course, not to the
for example, new ones burn
military vehicles would come
because it is much yet as a helicopter
his tech helicopters and also
another vehicle that will not quite
exactly what exactly is on the vehicle
in such a military vehicle and on everyone
There is no such thing and it would be me too
Happy if there was something else to come
And that would definitely be the case
nice and yes otherwise i actually have
nothing more to the patch to say it
there is not much information about it yet
rockstar has not confirmed the whole thing
that is all this information
are really only guess
but I believe I already said that and me
hope in any case that the fourth
July will appear
if i was right i would count on everyone
be happy because it shows here
at 1.14 ipad and for me too in
if that was really the case then
I would have been really right and
would not be unnecessary video now
do
although I'm really upset now
on the video and on the fourth of July
is exactly my characteristic for one
obviously horny and I do not know if I am
because the video can make it
but we will definitely see it
if I can make a video out of it
I am a friday and normal
come apache every tuesday and now
it may also be that on monday
we could come that could be too
but it is all speculated as I said
that everything is just everything
speculation
and that is was the first of july then would be
the tuesday and that the fourth
July is the independence day but
well he can do his thing before
but I will not release it
As I said I hope I have with this
the right information I have no
bullshit tells as it is all said
only guess and yes I hope you have
like this little video here and
be the same
this little information video her
information video or like
to make see any other
Just write that in the
comments for me in any case
happy and over one or the other
Of course , I would subscribe to my subscribers
also happy
i would definitely be too
if you might be a social
check out media a bit or something
because I'm on a facebook page and the
actually has little likes and really
also welcome him when there times briefly
Stop by makes others sorry
leave and he always has
the newest and therefore me
definitely looking forward to it
and yes I hope as I said I hope
you liked this little video
is little information video stays on
every case in the comments and
Maybe leave a like or a
abo if you were in the mood for something more
wanted to see from me I do a lot
glitches and that could indeed in
my upload 10 because I load
really high because I have
also has a lot of bock on it and as I said
That's it with the video
I hope you have this little video
fallen and yahoo 39
for the 1000 years